The military is divided up into two parts. You have the enlisted and you
also have the officers. Officers are people who have been to college,
who have a degree, and who have been awarded a commission, which
means their job is to take care of people, their job is to have a
command underneath them. So the people that they hire are called the
enlisted people. Enlisted people just have to have a college degree
or, sorry not college degree, a high school degree or a GED, and then
you're able to join the military. You're sent to a vocational school,
it's called A school, and from that time then you are actually
like the performer, the technical person, the person who drives the
ship, or the person who makes the pump, or the person who checks the
voltage. So the officers are the people in charge, the enlisted people
are the ones who do it. So the enlisted people have a ranking from
E1 to E9. An E1 is, it could be, well there are three types. There
are the people that deal with aircraft things, people who deal with
ship type things, and then people who are engineers. So the engineers
are called firemen, the ship type people are called seamen, and
the airforce jet type people are called airmen. So there's airmen recruit,
then you go airman apprentice, and then you have just a regular
airman for E3. That's E1, E2, and E3. After that, E4, E5, and E6,
those are called petty officers, so E4 is called third class petty
officer, E5 is second class petty officer, and E6 is first class petty
officer. And then you have three more which is are chiefs. So I'm
an E7 which is a chief and they have a slightly different emblem for
their uniform. They're all gold and you can see that this is an anchor.
So if you just have this, that's a chief, if you have a star right
here that's a E8, that's a senior chief. If you have two stars
right here, that's a master chief. So again, E1, E2, E3, petty officer,
third class, second class, and first class, and then chiefs: chief,
senior chief, master chief. Officers they're their own beasts.